Update cross-compilation docs for Raspberry Pi 4 (gh #1093) (#1760)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: doc/SDK_cross_compile_example.md

See this page for a summary of available gcc flags: https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Option-Summary.html.

### Notes
These instructions have been tested on both the Raspberry Pi 2, 3 and 4.

### Known Issues and Circumventions

If you encounter the error _error adding symbols: DSO missing from command line_ try adding a reference to libdl with  _-cl -ldl_ added to your build script command line.

> For Raspberry Pi4 the following workaround is neccessary to properly link the samples with pthread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Raspberry Pi 4 the following workaround is neccessary to properly link the samples with pthread.
```

> Run the following commands and [recompile the Azure IoT C SDK](#Building-the-SDK).

Reviewer: nit: maybe provide an explanation for what the command is doing?

Author: I would say the issue that is linked gives information on that. I'm trying to keep the text small (or at least not growing it too much).

```bash
cd $RPI_ROOT/usr/lib/arm-linux-gnueabihf; 

> ln -s ../../../lib/arm-linux-gnueabihf/libpthread.so.0 libpthread.so

Reviewer 2: Is this a bug on RPI4's distro or are we referencing the pthread lib incorrectly?

Author: I would say it's a problem with the new RPi OS. This same code of ours compiled without issues on Pi 3 (Raspbian).
